Removed duplicate info and added a link to Connection guide (#401)
mongodb/docs-java: source/faq.txt

General
-------

What if I can't connect to a MongoDB instance?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you have trouble connecting to a MongoDB instance or replica set, check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have trouble connecting to a MongoDB deployment, check
```

> the :ref:`Connection Troubleshooting Guide <java-connection-troubleshooting>`.

Author: I left it as "possible solutions" to avoid implying there are common issues with MongoDB. This was something that came up in a previous review.
